explore code usage for anxiety and depression diagnoses in primary care (#2)
bennettoxford/mental-health-open-data: analysis/anx_dep_dx_occ.qmd

---
title: "Depression and anxiety diagnosis code usage"
format: html
editor: visual
---

## Load packages

```{r}
#| message: false
#| results: 'hide'
#| warning: false
#| echo: true

library(opencodecounts) 
library(tidyverse)
library(scales)
```

## Load codelists

Load codelists from NHSD Primary Care Domain Refsets.

```{r}
depr_cod <- get_codelist("nhsd-primary-care-domain-refsets/depr_cod/20241205") 
anx_cod <- get_codelist("nhsd-primary-care-domain-refsets/anxiety-diagnostic-codes/20241205")
```

> ## Missing codes 

Reviewer: I think we should include a bit more context here, maybe call this section, code search by description?

```suggestion
## Review codes by description 
```

> Look at SNOMED CT codes that are missing from our codelists 

Reviewer: I think we should describe our methods a bit more here:

```suggestion
Look at SNOMED CT codes that are we might need to review for potential inclusion in our existing codelists.
For each clinical area we have defined some search terms (see below) to review all SNOMED-CT descriptions. 

```
